preferred book of Moses called Leviticus
now the Lord called to Moses and spoke
to him from the tabernacle of meeting
speak to the children of Israel and say
to them when any one of you brings an
offering to the Lord you shall bring
your offering of the livestock of the
herd and of the flock if his offering is
a burnt sacrifice of the herd
let him offer a male without blemish he
shall offer it of his own free will of
the door of the tabernacle of meeting
before the Lord then he shall put his
hand on the head of the burnt offering
and it will be accepted on his behalf to
make atonement for him he shall kill the
bull before the Lord and the priests
errand sons shall bring the blood and
sprinkle the blood all around on the
altar that is by the door of the
tabernacle of meeting and he shall skin
the burnt offering and cut it into its
pieces the sons of Aaron the priest
shall put fire on the altar and lay the
wood in order on the fire then the
priests Aaron's sons shall lay the parts
the head and the fat in order on the
wood that is on the fire upon the altar
but he shall wash its entrails and its
legs with water and the priest shall
burn all on the altar as a burnt
sacrifice an offering made by fire a
sweet aroma to the Lord if his offering
is of the flocks of the sheep or of the
goats as a burnt sacrifice he shall
bring a male without blemish he shall
kill it on the north side of the altar
before the Lord and the priests Aaron's
sons shall sprinkle its blood all around
on the altar and he shall cut it into
its pieces with its head and its fat
and the priest shall lay them in order
on the wood that is on the fire upon the
altar but he shall wash the entrails and
the legs with water then the priest
shall bring it all and burn it on the
altar it is a burnt sacrifice an
offering made by fire a sweet aroma to
the Lord and if the burnt sacrifice of
his offering to the Lord is of birds
then he shall bring his offering of
turtledoves or young pigeons the priest
shall bring it to the altar ring off its
head and burn it on the altar its blood
shall be drained out at the side of the
altar and he shall remove its crop with
its feathers and cast it beside the
altar on the east side into the place
for ashes then he shall split it at its
wings but shall not divide it completely
and the priest shall burn it on the
altar on the wood that is on the fire
it is a burnt sacrifice an offering made
by fire a sweet aroma to the Lord